- every day
yo guys were in Cali going to the
vintage treffen me and lucky Larry see
you at the show
that's crazy stuff
say hello lady Hey hello honey
this is the best thing that ever
happened to me it used to take us about
four hours to cover one side of door
girls know qi takes less than two
minutes amazing that's funny cuz I can
do that
at 53 to 55
another bunch of cars I went to Japan
the late 80s Early 90s
how do i watch the first part I read it
right there this one like so yeah the
city came miles and company go get a
shop when I had safe car me here
coupe right so he brought it to me
zero party since they make it a bus
everything I didn't have a steering
wheel of a cedar wire this is pretty
cool car this is a 55 convertible but
with that bullet the bullet saw huh
now this car was mine in 84 oh yeah and
I bought it yeah you know I'm from New
Hampshire and this bus was in a barn in
New Hampshire for 17 years I was renting
a house from the guy who owned the barn
but I didn't know it was in there no I
moved out here and after being hit two
years somebody called me said hey you
know the doctor has a Volkswagen in his
barn or talked to me he goes yeah if I
call him I believe that I'm in there
dude 54 55 convertible I bought a brand
new it's been in there since 67 mmm so I
bought it for two thousand bucks
a friend of mine went over there dragged
it out of the barn dragged it to John's
car corner in Vermont John for four
hundred bucks got it roadworthy my buddy
drove it all the way to me from oh yeah
sure after 16 17 years in the barn all
this year so I sold it in 86 to help
start this over yeah yeah because that
well by the way when it got here the
first thing I did was run and look
underneath it and there was nothing
there I mean it was like Fred Flintstone
it sat on cement for 17 years a little
more wet dry wet sure but the body had
no rust just to floor its I thought
plywood and Angela for two years
original paint original editing so some
friend of mine called me a couple years
ago and said hey I just bought a black
late-model 50 bottles maybe it's my
whole car
I doubt it I said well mine has green
interior what I'd like my postal
service's home because well how about
this both Flint Central's colder than
declining either hot dude I just brought
you over that's rare yeah I ordered it
that way would go tiny front seats hmm
Oh the three options he had was fully
reclining front seats Green huh yeah
wild green like the wild red yeah yeah
yeah we're even know that was an option
oh not the green but the real whining no
while I was a dealer option yeah our
green seats green carpet green headliner
and green top well I brought it
to the classic when I first had it out
here in 84 the first year of the classic
I had it right next to Tony Morris fully
restored 55 people combined look at 19
original they already did that that's
impossible there's no way they did green
seats see is what I didn't even know Ben
no you're right Volkswagen didn't do
that Carmen did Oh
so when Carmen did the convertible they
picked their own colors that's why you
got a Wolfsburg west's website and it's
sedans and has convertibles and they're
all different
you know the convertibles would pick by
yeah Carmen so yes and you know I've
done in the 20 years I've been here I've
done three mail orders for a late-model
black 55 with green seeds green carpet
310 lattice and Wolfsburg cell phone
well they sell it because I make it for
my gosh yeah Lenny has been in the
business for over 25 years and I
remember when I was first starting out
in this business I would read up on him
in hobby w's magazine VW trans magazine
and I was always in an amazement to me
to see the kind of operation he had
Lenny shop is located in Fullerton
California and of course in the nice Sun
and dry weather
and you can visit his shop anytime and
just give him the heads up now you can
see some of the work that he does he
still does some restorations but
primarily Lenny's shop is centered
around interior restorations and seat
upholstery button if he finds a gem
he'll do it
sorry helping out
so baby girl time to go home okay boy
you look at you over five point nine
miles nice what a commute I can't beat
that man should I'm home in five minutes
have a good day all right